From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 51 recorded live
Thursday, December 20th, 2012. This episode is
brought to you by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online app
T E L E R
I k.com and by franklins.net
training developers to work smarter
and now offering gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Richard CRL about the Nancy
wet framework. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes, a
holiday episode, and I'm talking
to Richard CRL and how
are you, sir? I'm doing
very well. Thank you. Thanks
for taking the time. I
realized that it's the 27th of December
and we've all recovering from
our Christmas comas. And having
you take the time on
this kind of quasi holiday
week is a appreciated no
problem. I wanted to, to
come back and talk about
Nancy. We had talked about
Nancy, which was a, a
dotnet micro web framework in
June of 2011. So it's
been about 18 months and
I think that enough stuff
has happened in the kind
of alternative dotnet framework space
and also some of the
modularization of asp.net that it's
time to come back and
talk about it again. And
you do work for Pluralsight
and have recently done a
Nancy course. Is that something
that Pluralsight subscribers can watch
now? Yes, it is. Okay.
So Nancy fits into the
dotnet ecosystem, how Nancy would
be built and.net. You use.net
to use it right to,
to build your websites, but
it has no dependency on
asp.net at all, unless you
actually make it, which would
be using the ASP, not
that hosting provider, which would
allow you to host it
on. I spit it's it's
independent of system dot web,
which is kind of interesting.
So it has its own
HTTP listener and all that
created for it. Oh, that's
it Interesting. So I had
assumed that if you were
going to make a web
framework, you would kind of
sit on top of, at
the very least system dot
web. That's it that's an
interesting design decision. I think
they did that too, so
that they being Andrea and
Steven. So the code junkie
and grumpy to do that,
to basically make sure that
they weren't dependent the changes
that would come across via,
you know, what system that
web is, is making you
do to handling it their
own way. And I think
we'll probably get into that
their own way a little
bit later here. Right? Understand
that Nancy also works on
mano, a mano being the
clean room implementation of.net on
Linux and other alternative operating
systems. And one of the
goals that they have is
to make Nancy work smoothly
on motto and be able
use model develop. Right. So
being able to, to sit
just, just on the CLR
is a way for them
to do Correct. Okay. Right.
So it's a micro framework
and it is just for.net.
It sits on top of.net,
but not on top of
asp.net. Does it, does it
have any relationship to other
frameworks? Is it like, is
it inspired by Ruby or
inspired by something on rails?
Yeah, I would say that
the inspiration for it was
Sinatra. So building a, not
quite a port, but an
inspiration of, of Sinatra on.net
was where Andreas originally, when
he originally put this out,
was talking about in his
particular work he's, he's using.net.
They don't get to use
Ruby. And Sinatra is a
very compelling framework to use.
I've used it myself a
couple of times and it's
actually pretty fun to write
in. So to be able
to do that on.net would
be a kind of an
interesting thing to pull off.
And I think they did
that very well, actually. Right.
And this is something that
happens a lot in.net where
it's like, Hey, we have
this language, we have this
great CLR. We have this
experience that we're very familiar
with. We want the fun
and the flexibility of framework
X written on whatever on
Python or on Ruby or
whatever, except we have Dutton
available to us. And that's
what we're excited about. So
hands Nancy Sinatra. Yes. Very
cool. Yes, you got it.
Okay. So where do I
start if I'm going to
make a Nancy application and
where am I making apps
that return HTML or am
I making apps at fraternal
Jason? You're making apps that
return pretty much whatever you
want. So HTML is the
default. You can return Jason.
They recently put in content
negotiation. So depending on what
you asked for, you can
get back either Jason or
XML or HTML or whatever
you've asked for as far
as a content type, it's,
it's fairly easy to get
started, especially if you're used
to doing the, the particular
ASP net type style in
visual studio, you can go
grab the ASP net hosting.
So Nancy dot, hosting dot
ASP net, and it will
pull down the, the Nancy
core and the hosting provider.
And you can run it
right on ISDN. It's actually
fairly easy in the course
that I did. I show
that and you a up
and running site in just
a few minutes. Okay. Okay.
So let's, let's break that
down a little bit. When
I make a new Nancy
application, do I say file
new Nancy application and it's
in there somewhere? Or do
I make a class library?
You do file new. The,
the easiest way would be
to do the empty ASP
net project. So you get
basically no folders, just the
basic basic site. And then
you pull in those packages,
the ASP net hosting package
and Nancy package, and you
have a one class and
you can basically have an
end point that returns so
that I think on the
Nancy effects.org, if you go
to that site, you can
see the smallest Nancy application
is, you know, like six
lines of code that will
return you back an HTML
response. Okay. And you typically
will derive from Nancy module,
correct? That is not an
HDP module. Again, there is
no asp.net. Right? Right. So
Nancy module is, is just
kind of a wrapper class
for it. It hosts the
Nancy context, which has a
request object to response objects,
some collection type things for
you to work with. But
the request is basically the
HTTP requests that you've received
from your browser and responses,
what you're sending back. And
so you, you kind of
get into the pipeline. So
like you have the ESPN
that pipeline, there is a
Nancy pipeline. And so there's
things that happen before you
handle the request. And there
are things that happen after
you handle the requests and
you handle the request as
well. No, you're using the
very simple example is public
class, some module derives from
Nancy module. Then in the
constructor, it uses an X,
I think an extremely unusual
syntax that, that likes some
aspects of C-sharp, but also
doesn't really look like C-sharp
at least because it's so
unusual there basically he's saying,
get, then he uses an
array indexer with a strings,
you'll say, get a Ray
indexer slash so he's putting
into an array index, not
an array rather, but a
is a hash table. It's
a dictionary. Yes. A dictionary
indexed on, on a slash.
And then he uses the,
the anonymous underscore and then
passes in a Lambda. So
it, the, the effect of
it is like, is this
really.net? Is this really a
C-sharp, it's kind of a
visually an unusual effect. Cause
we don't find ourselves writing
lines like that very often.
Well, yeah, normally we don't
write that much code into
a constructor as far as
doing actual things. I think
that's probably the first thing
that throws people is what
am I doing in here?
And the underscore is as
throwing people as, as having
that, that particular anonymous parameter
in there, right. Normally we
name our parameters, but that,
that really is something that
helps you pull things off
what you're putting in that
indexer. So, and really it's
a route. So that particular
thing you're just defining a
route. So the route has
a method of get, it
has a path of slash
and we're going to do
something with that. So you
can put post and put
and delete in there and
have your particular pathing in
there. Okay. So then the,
the name, the named dictionary
get is representing the HDP
verb that I want. So
all I presume that all
the verbs that one would
want are available, like get
post put delete, and probably
the obscure ones as well.
Then the array indexer is
I keep saying array, but
I think of those as
arrays, the, the dictionary indexer,
there is a, The, the
route right. Underscore is just,
I suppose I could name
it if I want it.
Right. So what that is
is if you create a
parameter in your route. So
for instance, if I say
slash name slash something, and
I put it in, in
curly braces in my route,
it will pull off that
particular parameter and give you
access to it. So I'm
trying to think of a
good example of doing that.
I use it all the
time. So you said, get
greet, And then we're going
to pass in the person's
name, Right. Or passing an
ID. So if I say,
I want to get customer
number, whatever. So customer slash
and our parameter would be
ID. I could then in
the function there have access
to underscore.id. And, you know,
so if I passed in
a one or a two
or whatever, that would be
available to me as a
parameter. Okay. And presumably if
you pass in multiple ones,
you would have variable, common
variable. Right, right, right. The
name is up to you.
And how does it map
them to each other? Like,
I don't have to name
it ID. No, you don't
have to name an ID.
You name it, whatever you
want. No. Where name comes
from. Like, if I say,
well, the customer an ID
let's for example, if I
say slash customer slash curly
brace ID, right. Do I
have to name that next
variable ID? Or do I
dig that out some other
way? So you'd be slash
curly base slash ID slash
closed curly brace slash something,
you know, I, if I
wanted to get their orders,
so I got that particular
customer slash orders slash order
ID. Right. So I just
get access to those from
that particular Lambda. I see.
So it isn't that it's
not the name of the
variable, it's the digging around
in it. I would say
a customer slash ID. And
then later on, I could
say X dot. Right, right.
Okay. Okay. And is that
a dynamic that then gets
passed in that seems like
a lot of dynamic stuff.
Oh, there's always a whole
ton of dynamic stuff going
on. They actually have a
class called the dynamic dictionary.
So it, it does, it
does some fun stuff where
you get access to it.
It's it's case insensitive by
default. So I can do,
you know, I can have
lowercase in my path there
and I can grab it
using uppercase if I want
in the function. So, you
know, they're doing some fun
stuff with dynamics that can
get you in trouble sometimes,
but for the most part,
it's pretty smart. Yeah. And
I think that there's a,
an interesting back and forth
right now with the dotnet
community, with some groups inside
of Microsoft, that, that aren't
the asp.net team, as well
as the asp.net team itself.
As we kind of come
to terms with what modern
C-sharp looks like, you know,
it doesn't all have to
be statically typed. It can
have this, this nice middle
ground, you know, dynamic is,
is effectively turning on a
switch that says unsafe. But
for some people it's a
way of turning on a
switch that just says, and
now the fun happens, right?
If you look at folks
like Rob, like my friend,
Rob Connery, when you're doing,
you're doing things like massive,
his is RM or things
like simple data or many
of the, any of the
other micro ORMs, those guys
are saying, how much fun
can we have with dynamics
and how little code can
we, can. We do like
a lot of work with
and things are becoming very
interesting. The question is then
how much ceremony is appropriate?
You know, I mean, IntelliSense
is useful how much it
tells us it's am I
losing here with Nancy? You're
actually not losing too much.
The dynamic just makes it
easier. Yes. You use a
whole lot less code to
deal with those things. Because
when I pass ID into
another function, if that function
is statically typed, it's going
to go ahead and, and
cast that over into that
function. Right? You're you're going
to get what you need
when you throw that in
there. Sometimes though when you
return back, if you here's
the part about C-sharp that's
that real R or dotnet
that that gets us in
trouble is if I return
from a function that it
passed the dynamic in, even
if the function is statically
typed, I get a dynamic
back and that causes problems
sometimes down the line for
us. Okay. Well, what might
be an example of something
like this? So if I,
if I were to do
that, a customer order or
customer ID or whatever, you
know, I pass in this
dynamic of an ID, but
I'm returning back a customer.
What I actually get back
is that dynamic. And if
I may or may not
be able to work without,
unless I cast it into
the customer, does that make
sense? I think so. Try,
try again. Let's see. So
sometimes like, if, if you
have a list I'm going
to have to turn back
a list of orders, right.
And I'm going to send
that through an iterator. Sometimes
the iterator won't know what
to do with that. Right?
If you do a VAR
order in orders, if that
orders is dynamic, I might
not. It might not realize
that that's a list and
it starts complaining about it.
So they don't have to
give it some hint. Right.
I have to, I have
to hint the framework or
I have to hit my
code to say that this
is actually not a dynamic.
It's a, it's a list
of orders. Okay. Yeah. That
makes sense. So basically if
it gets a little confused,
if it can't glean something,
I give it a little
hand. Right, Right. And I
think that's a problem with
C sharp maybe and not.net.
Cause I know F sharp
is really good at, at,
at figuring out what types
you're working with. Right. And
this is where, you know,
the, the whole static versus
dynamic thing gets a little
confusing, but it's a tiny
price to pay for a
very, very powerful concept. Yeah.
So I've noticed that, you
know, there, there are times
when I've used dynamic to
deal with things that were,
I'd have to cast things
around and create multiple methods
to handle something where they
have very similar signatures. So
my classes have very similar
signatures and if I cast
it the dynamic and I
handle it in the same
way, it just works. Exactly.
Exactly. And I think that
the Nancy guys have done
a good job of finding
the right amount of balance
because there's clearly a sense
of fun to the framework
and a sense of, of,
of cleanliness and a sense
of haiku almost, you know,
they're, they're trying to do
as much as possible for
as little as possible. Right.
Right. Yeah. And in order
to do that dynamic, I
think is the way to
go. And I'd like to
see more people like the,
like the asp.net team ourselves
and embrace that. I think
we saw a little bit
of that with the orchard
project, but I think it's
an ongoing, confusing thing for,
for.net developers. Yeah. It's hard
to get used to, but
you know, once you start
using dynamic and you see
how powerful it can be,
I think you kind of
get addicted. Of course, I
were one of the guys
that I work with actually
hates dynamics because of this,
you know, casting problem. It,
it just causes him problems
all the time. And so
yeah, you can be on
either side of the fence
without again. Well, I think
it gets to ease of
debugging. People like IntelliSense it
like debugging. So let's talk
a little bit more about
the fact that all of
this is in the constructor,
you're going to fill up
almost where the constructor becomes.
It's it's, you know, the
whole program. Can I still
hit break points? And when
I hit them, am I
really in the constructor? Or
am I getting those break
points when the action occurs?
So just like anything, you
know, you can refactor out
of that. So you may
start with a very small
class where you're returning right
out of the function, but
that function is actually a
type it's returning. It's returning
a response. So it's a
function that takes a string
and maybe some conditional logic
and then returning a response.
So really I can just
pass that to a method.
And once your classes get
a little larger, you may
want to, to pull that
out. But even then you,
you're probably putting handlers inside.
You know, you're not really
doing all of your work
inside that constructor. You're going
to pass that out to
another handler class or something.
Right. And it's also important
to remember that we aren't
actually putting code in the
constructor. It's kind of funny.
You're like, well, wait a
second. All the code is,
and the instructor, well, you're
setting up actions that will
occur later. You're hooking up
event handlers in the constructor.
They're not, you know, nothing's
running in the constructor. That
is anything you need to
worry about. And I'm sure
that one could argue, well,
this is where we needed
an, a knit and there
needed to be an, a
knit and it before Nitten
and all this kind of
stuff. I bet if we
were speaking for Andreas and
the other folks on Nancy,
they would say, but that
would be more complicated than
it needs to be. Yeah.
If you want to have
a real simple program, you
don't need all of that.
Right. A function will do
fine. Exactly. And there's something
to be said for making
hello world. Super easy, super
simple. Yeah. It's, it's really
an easy framework to get
people excited about because you
look at how easy it
is to get started. You
can do complex things in
this framework. I mean, we
call it a micro framework.
And I think when it
started, it was very much
a micro framework, but it,
it scales pretty well to
larger projects. Yeah. Well, and
it's got a lot of
really interesting helpers that I,
that I like. And one
of the things that made
me happy about rails was
the action pack. You know,
all that kind of cool
convenience stuff that you add
on to Ruby that blurs
the line between, well, what's
Ruby and what's rails and
what's built in, and what's
not, there's some cool stuff
in Nancy that I feel
like should be just done
that way everywhere. Like you
can say response.as J S
to return JavaScript and response.as
image. It's so much nicer
than, than the way things
are done in other frameworks.
And since I've been using
Nancy, I'm seeing some of
those patterns you might code
has a bunch of that
in it as well. I
create extension methods all the
time to handle that kind
of thing. It's just clean
our code. Right. If I'm
not calling out a new
something to, to call a
method, right. I just create
this extension method and it
works. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And
it makes for, for very,
very fluent without over trying
not to overuse that word,
fluent kind of code. I'm
not a huge fan of
trying to build fake sentences
in.net. Right. I think that
there are some frameworks that
over overdo it, but I
don't get that impression with
Nancy. No. One of the
things that I've found interesting
about it, because I'm a,
you know, I'm an asp.net
guy from, from day zero.
So it's been a little
confusing when I start poking
around in things like request
dot form. I expect it
to work the way I
would think request that form
works currently. But when I
say request dot form, it's
not quote unquote my request
form. It's not the one
that I'm used to it.
And asp.net. It's more dynamic
dictionary. It's a dynamic dictionary.
Yeah. But that's cool. Which
means I get to say
request.form.email. Yes. And it'll automatically
pull it out there and
I don't have to look
at the ugly dictionary indexer.
Yeah. It's I love dynamic
externa. I actually wished that
was actually part of the
framework. You know, the, the
BCO. That would be awesome.
Yeah. You know, it's, I
don't know why I think,
I think there's, and this
is what I was saying
before. There's still a fear
that we're giving people too
much. Yeah. You can, but
you know, you have to
learn these things and you
have to, to make sure
that you're doing things in
a proper way. And if
you write tests around it,
especially, you're going to be
very, very much in a
good place. Now, do you
make a distinction between having
a, a web services application
and a, an actual web
app that returns HTTP, like
right now there's asp.net MVC.
There's kind of asp.net proper,
and there's a web API
and it's kind of a
little balkanized and we're currently
kind of bringing that together
into this one asp.net concept.
Right. And initially I thought
that Nancy was just about
returning JavaScript and doing web
services, but now I'm seeing
apps that'll do everything. So
an entire web app can
be made in this. Yes.
Yes. And actually when I
started using it, I think
I started using it when
it was at dot eight.
I started looking at it
at dot six, but at
dot eight, I started using
it. It's at dot 14
one right now, very close
to 15. So probably year
and a half, two years
ago, that's all I used
it for. It was for
an API end point, a
web API end point, returning
Jason. And it wasn't until
a little bit later that
I started looking at how
can we use this as,
as you know, a full
on web app and with
continental content negotiation, which came
out with 12. Now, you
don't have to decide, right.
Your, your end points can
be an API end point
or of you end point.
And it's, it's really, it's
really wild. So we, you
can change how you think
of something. So a lot
of the times when you
think of I'm going to
go out and look at
an API documentation site, right?
So you can go out
to stack overflow and you
can look at their API
and how you want to
interact with it. Well, that
API interaction point can also
be your documentation point, right.
Depending on how I come
to it. So if I
come to it with a
browser, I can see how
to interact with it because
I'm going to return one
type of view. But if
I actually come to it
using a XHR request, right,
I I'm actually interacting and
saying, except Jason or ,
I'm going to get a
different response back, which probably
just the API end point.
So it's kind of interesting
to see that mesh and
that I'm really excited. I
haven't been able to work
with that too much yet,
but I'm really excited to,
to be able to have
one end point that acts
as my documentation and as
my API endpoint. Right. Right.
It's a, it's almost like
a formalization that the URL
is an important user interface
element And it is right.
That's what HTT was supposed
to be. It's just a
resource end point. And I
know that you've probably heard
Glenn block go off on,
on resources, right. This isn't
a URI that points to
a resource and your representation
that comes back depends on
what you're asking for. Right.
And this is a perfect
example. I'm just, just to
URI to a resource. I
think that that web API
has been a net web
API begins to do that
as well. But I don't
think any framework really does
it with minimal ceremony. And
I think that's what the
goal ultimately is. It should
be effortless, Right? Nancy is
super duper happy path. That's
their mantra. It should be
easy to do anything very
quick and it should also
be easy to override the
native conventions. One of the
other things that Nancy does
really well is it integrates
with other projects. It has
a lot of, of extension
points. So there's other existing
vendors like new Relic or
there's existing projects like Elma.
So you can get like
exception logging for Nancy using
Elma E L M H
there's the lightning cash, the
Nancy lightning cash. Right. And
then also razor cause razor
is open source. So there's
a, I saw this one
thing that was kind of
cool, asp.net Sprite and image
optimization for Nancy built on
top of a Microsoft Sprite
and image optimization system. So
people are plugging these things
together in, in really, really
interesting ways. And it's funny
when you, if you look
at that one, example that
from Jeff Clay's about implementing
sprites and Nancy and razor
all on top of each
other, you can tell which
part is very Nancy like,
and which part is very
kind of classic asp.net because
in the, in the convention,
there's a lot of list
of funk of this, of
that and static convention builder.
And it's kind of, it's
very old school.net. It's almost
very, it's very noisy. It's
very visually from a code
perspective, just a little verbose.
And then you set that
up and you forget about
it. Okay. Then you go
off into Nancy land and
you say, just Sprite down
image and things just work.
So it was, it's kind
of a funny example in
my mind of that, that,
that tension between kind of
asp.net, which has some parts
of it that are very
old and, and Nancy, which
has a very fresh perspective.
And you see that, I
Think once you start working
with it, you, like I
said, you see your style
changing. You go from being
verbose. You go from being
very specific to, I don't
need to be that specific
anymore. I can make this
easy for the consumer of
my app. And I think
that's the big thing is,
is once you start looking
at it, as somebody else
might have to consume this,
you want it to look
pretty, you want it to
be easy to use. And,
and that's, that's kind of
cool thing about, about Nancy.
Yeah. The response as Jason,
or, you know, all these
extension methods and making your
API very visually appealing as
well as technically appealing. Right.
Is, is nice too, to
be a part of. I
think that that's something that
I've learned from, from open
source. And I feel that
people who have been working
in the asp.net or.net for
the last 10 years and
haven't played with open source
may have lost their sense
of fun. You know, I,
I think that when folks
do stuff like this and
also like the guys on
the code 52 project, and,
you know, I, I tend
to gravitate towards open source
teams and projects that have
a sense of fun and
a sense of code is
poetry. Yes. And if you
ever do a pull request
into Nancy, you'll actually encounter,
I talked to through a
Twitter and, you know, get
up this morning on a
poll request I made. And
Andrea sent back basically his,
his style cop issues that
he had with my, my
thing. And he said that
a grumpy dev calls him
the human style cop. You
know, you, you have to
do it his way. And
it has to be that
way. And it's not, you
know, it's, it's not bad.
It's, it's great. Because then
you're, you're always dealing with
the same thing. So if
I go in and look
at the code, I know
what it's gonna look like.
Yeah, exactly. Also it is,
there is a main author
and that author has a
style. And it's like, when
you buy a book written
by Stephen King, and then you
realize halfway through the book
that there's like another author,
I'm like, Oh wow. You
know, he did a really
good job of writing, like
Stephen King, you know, it's six
Stephen, Stephen King with Richard CRL.
And if you're a very,
very small font at the
bottom, you know, but there's
a style and the style
works. So let's all do
it. I think, I think
Linus on the Linux project
has the same kind of
thing. Yeah. There's nothing wrong
with being opinionated. No, and
I think it's very, it's
very good to be opinion.
Yeah. I like this idea
of frictionless. The other thing
that's fun about Nancy is
that, like you said before,
at the very beginning, it's
extremely relaxed about what you
hosted under. So you can
host it under asp.net. If
you want to, you can
host it self hosting. So
from the command line, you
can host it on mano
on Linux. And then there's
this thing called Owen that
I'm going to have to
do some shows on O
w Yes, they should open
web. I can't remember the
entire acronym, open web interface
for.net. Yes. And if you've
been on the posts or
forum forum or chat lately,
there's, there's this push to
actually make everything that it's
hosting under basically implement Owen.
So even the ASP net
hosting would implement Owen. So
they're going to put a
little shim in there to
do that. I believe grumpy
dev or Steven, and is
a Dave Fowler. We're talking
about that just the other
day about changing the implementation
so that everything has this
one interface, which is very,
you know, Ruby rock, like,
you know exactly what it
is. That's exactly what is,
and I think we are
going to do that and
we're going to do it
for, you know, all of
asp.net. There's, there's no reason
that everything shouldn't be plugable.
Yes. So I, I think
that a few, a future
are coming version of, of
asp.net. We'll have that. And
I think Louie does our
Dan and her Louis de
Jarden, depending on how you
want to pronounce it are,
are working on that actively.
And I know that, and
I have Damien Edwards and
David come on the show
and we're going to get
into more detail about why
Owen matters. Cause I think
open is the goal, right?
And we've talked about this
before that the asp.net team
wants to kind of compete
on a level playing field.
So one of the other
things that we're hoping to
do, and I've talked a
little bit to Andreas about
this, but probably in the
spring is I want people
to be able to say
file new Nancy application. And
I realized that that the
team could go and do
all the work of making
a project template today. But
it's just too complicated. The
amount of work required to
install a new project template
in an organized way is
just, it's a hassle. So
what if we could make
project templates, exchangeable like nougat
packages. So I could just
say, you know, install, package,
Nancy dot project template, and
then go file new project.
Right. You know, then things
start getting more interesting. And
I think it'll introduce more
people to projects like Nancy.
And again, give that idea
of the level, the level
playing field, Right? You, you
have all of these different
frameworks that have different opinions
and you know, you need
to find the one that
you're you're aligned with. Exactly.
And it's totally, and again,
some people believe it, some
people don't, but there's no
reason for the asp.net team
to say, Oh, you really
gotta use asp.net. You know,
all, ultimately I don't care
what you use. I want
you to use whatever makes
you happy. It doesn't keep
us working or not working.
If you use one project
or another project, you know,
ultimately you have fun build
stuff that makes you happy.
And I guess the bosses
care if you use windows,
but otherwise I'm not too
worried about it. So where
do you think people should
start for Nancy? I think
probably the Pluralsight Nancy chorus.
Oh, there's site course. There's
a bunch of, there was
one recently. Why Nancy, Jonathan,
Jonathan, Shannon put out on
his, his, his site and
there's several, you know, free
videos as well. Not just
Pluralsight that people have put
out to, to say, Hey,
you know, this is how,
how you get started, but
it's, it's fairly simple to
use. You can jump out
on the forum on the
chat and the Jabber room.
And there's always somebody willing
to help. If you have
questions, I'm there very often,
but yeah. Cool. Well, people
can check it out@nancyeffects.org. I'll
have links in the show
notes for your course, and
also a link to the
Jabber room so people can
interact with the team and
the folks that are excited
about using Nancy. That'd be
cool. Thanks so much for
chatting with me. Okay. No
problem. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
we'll see you again next
week. Yeah.